# Why do founders persistently ignore the partner's advice? 
-  Work with people you would generally like and respect and that you have known long enough to be sure about because there are a lot of people who are really good at seeming likable for a while. Just wait till your interests are opposed and then you’ll see.
-   So when you meet people who seem smart, but somehow distasteful, you think, "Okay this must be normal for business," but it's not.
-   The second counterintuitive point: what you need to succeed in a startup is not expertise in startups. What you need to know to succeed in a startup is not expertise in startups, what you need is expertise in your own users.
-   They come up with some plausible sounding idea, they raise funding to get a nice valuation, then the next step is they rent a nice office in SoMa and hire a bunch of their friends, until they gradually realize how completely fucked they are because while imitating all the outward forms of starting a startup, they have neglected the one thing that is actually essential, which is to make something people want.
-   What are the extracurricular activities of startups, what are things I have to do? They always want to know, since apparently the measure of success for a startup is fundraising, another noob mistake. They always want to know, what are the tricks for convincing investors? And we have to tell them the best way to convince investors is to start a startup that is actually doing well, meaning growing fast, and then simply tell investors so.
-   Growth hacks = Bullshit. because what we tell them is the way to make your startup grow is to make something that users really love, and then tell them about it. So that's what you have to do: that's Growth Hacks right there.
-   So, this is the third counterintuitive thing to remember about startups: starting a startup is where gaming the system stops working.
-   The dangerous thing is, especially for you guys, the dangerous thing is that faking does work to some extent with investors.
-   Someone who knows zero about fundraising, but has made something users really love, will have an easier time raising money than someone who knows every trick in the book, but has a flat usage graph.
-   That brings us to our fourth counterintuitive point, startups are all consuming. If you start a startup, it will take over your life to a degree that you cannot imagine and if it succeeds it will take over your life for a long time; for several years, at the very least, maybe a decade, maybe the rest of your working life.
-   Every day shit happens within the Google empire that only the emperor can deal with and he, as the emperor, has to deal with it. If he goes on vacation for even a week, a whole backlog of shit accumulates, and he has to bear this, uncomplaining, because: number one, as the company’s daddy, he cannot show fear or weakness; and number two, if you’re a billionaire, you get zero, actually less than zero sympathy, if you complain about having a difficult life.
-   Starting a successful startup is similar to having kids; it's like a button you press and it changes your life irrevocably. There are a lot of things that are easier to do before you have kids than after, many of which will make you a better parent when you do have kids.
-   Yet when it comes to starting startups a lot of people seem to think they are supposed to start them in college. Are you crazy?
-   What you need to know are the needs of your own users. You can't learn those until you actually start the company, which means that starting a startup is something you can intrinsically only learn by doing it.
-   Be a real student and not start a startup or start a real startup and not be a student. Which path should you take? Don't start a startup in college.  You’re not sacrificing anything if you forgo starting a start up at twenty because you will be more likely to succeed if you wait.
-   Instead of trying to make a conscious effort to think of startup ideas, turn your brain into the type that has startup ideas unconsciously. In fact, so unconsciously that you don't even realize at first that they're startup ideas. This is not only possible: Yahoo, Google, Facebook, Apple all got started this way.
-   How do you turn your mind into the kind that has startup ideas unconsciously? One, learn about a lot of things that matter. Two, work on problems that interest you. Three, with people you like and or respect. That's the third part incidentally, is how you get cofounders at the same time as the idea.
-   What was special about Brain Chesky and Joe Gebbia from Airbnb was not that they were experts in technology. They went to art school, they were experts in design. Perhaps more importantly they were really good at organizing people in getting projects done. So you don't have to work on technology per se, so long as you work on things that stretch you.
-   One guaranteed way to turn your mind into the type to start up ideas for them unconsciously. Is to get yourself to the leading edge of some technology.
-   "Live in the future." And when you get there, ideas that seem uncannily prescient to other people will seem obvious to you. You may not realize they're start up ideas, but you will know they are something that ought to exist.
-    Should you start at any age? You can't tell. Meaning starting a startup will change you a lot if it works out. So what you’re trying to estimate is not just what you are, but what you could become.
-    So if you are starting a startup one day, what should you do in college? Well initially, idea and co-founders.
## How can a nontechnical founder most efficiently contribute to a startup? 
- If the startup is working in some domain, if it’s not a pure technology startup but is working in some very specific domain, like if it is Uber and the non technical founder was an expert in the limo business then actually then the non technical founder would be doing most of the work.
- Honestly the best way to learn on how to start a startup is just to just try to start it. You may not be successful, but you'll learn much faster.
