- Growth is fairly simple. It's the interaction between two concepts or variables: conversion rate and churn. The gap between those two things pretty much indicates how fast you're going to grow.
- The best way to get to $1 billion is to focus on the values that help you get that first dollar to acquire that first user. If you get that right, everything else will take care of itself.
- Wufoo, raised about $118,000 total, and our return to our investors was about 29,561%.
- “How do relationships work in the real world and how can we apply them to the way we run our business and build our product that way?”. Two metaphors: acquiring new users as if we are trying to date them, and existing users as if they are a successful marriage.
- When it comes to dating it's all about the first impressions! In software, it is all about homepages, landing pages, plans or pricing, login and signup. Then comes, first email, account creation, blank/starting interface, login link, ad link, support link.
- Most companies get founded, especially by technical cofounders. Before launch, it is a time of bliss, Nirvana, and opportunity. Nothing that you do is wrong. By your hand, which you feel is like God, every line you write and every code you write feels perfect. But after launch, when reality hits, you gotta deal with a lot of crap. Cofounders try to get back to their initial state and make other people do it.
- How do you inject values like responsibility, accountability, humility and modesty? Its called SDD (Support Driven Development). You actually end up fixing the feedback loop. The people who built the software are the ones supporting it, and you get all these nice benefits as a result.
- John Gottman talks about the reason that we often break up with one another is due to four major causes. They are warning signs. He calls them the Four Horsemen: criticism, contempt, defensiveness, stonewalling.
- Criticism is basically people starting to focus, not just on the specific issue at hand, but on the over arching issues like "You never listen to users" or "You never think about us" all the time.
- Defensiveness is not trying to take accountability, or trying to make excuses for their actions.
- Stonewalling is basically shutting down.
- Contempt is when somebody is purposely trying to insult another person.
- But stonewalling, this is something I see happening with startups all the time. You get a bunch of customer support calls coming in, and you just think, "I don't need to answer, I don't need to respond." That act of not even getting back to them is one of the worst things you can do, and it's probably some of the biggest causes of churn in the early stages of startups.
- Direct exposure to users for at least two hours every six weeks.
- The knowledge gap between current state of users to the required state has to decrease. Either you teach them how to use your app by direct interaction or you decrease the amount of knowledge required to use the application.
- "Since you've been gone" feature helps.
- Make everyone say "Thank you!".
- They say there's only three ways that you achieve market dominance, and depending on how you want to achieve that market dominance, you have to organize your company in a very specific way: best price, best product, and best overall solution.
- For best price, you focus on logistics, so Wal-Mart and Amazon. If you want to be the best product out there, you focus on R&D, Apple is usually a quintessential example of that. Best overall solution is about being customer intimate. This is the path that you see all luxury brands follow, as well as the hospitality industry.
- What I love about this path towards market dominance is that the third one is the only one that everyone can do at any stage of their company. It requires almost no money to get started with it. It usually just requires a little bit of humility and some manners.
- How do you make a decision on product and communicate that with your engineering team when there are lots of different directions to go? make the smallest version of each little idea, no longer than 1 to 2 weeks to build it, so you can try it out to see what works and what doesn't.
- Can you relay the story about how the King for a Day thing was good at Wufoo? The king got to tell everyone else what to do on product. So everything that was bothering them about Wufoo or any other feature that they wanted to have built, they got engineering, marketing, and advertising resources of everyone in the company to make it happen. Sometimes, the people that work for you are the people who have the strongest opinions about where the product should go. And that's a good way to democratize it a little bit, by rotating it around.
- How do we set up accountability for our employees as a manager? This is what you said last week you were going to do; this is what you actually got done. What are the problems at hand?
- How do you hire people that can work remotely and work in this fashion? Have them work on a side project for you. Probably for a month long, so you can get a good sense of how people manage themselves and work on things.
- The other thing we had to screen them for was their ability to do customer support because not every engineer has those empathy skills to handle that stress. So sometimes I would have people write "break-up" letters to me in an interview, giving them 15 minutes to write it. That way you get a good sense of their writing skills because 90% of what you're doing in customer support is telling customers bad news like "we don't support that feature, sorry," or "no that's not going to work," or "that's not going to be available." 
