# WHAT MATTERS MOST?
- Retention curve asymtotes to x-axis, it means you have a viable business.
- Retention comes from having a great idea, and a great product to back up that idea and great product idea product fit. Is the single most important thing for growth.
- Every company thinking about growth needs to have a north star (where you are heading), and while you are operating for growth, it is important that you define it as a leader.
- Focus on gross merchandise volume and the magic moment (people hooked to your website) to drive growth like ebay did. They didn't use revenue as metric nor did they consider no of people listing on their website.
- What do you think the magic moment is for when you’re signing up to Facebook? See your friends. Its as simple as that. So many companies try to get incredibly complicated about what they’re doing, but it is just as simple as when you see the first picture of one of your friends on Facebook, you go ‘Oh my God, this is what this site is about!
- When you think about Airbnb or eBay, it’s about finding that unique item, that PEZ dispenser or broken laser pointer, that you really really cared about and want to get ahold of. Like when you see that collectible that you are missing, that is the real magic moment on eBay. When you look on Airbnb and you find that first listing, that cool house you can stay in, and when you go through the door, that’s a magic moment.
- Think about what the magic moment is for your product, and get people connected to it as fast as possible.
- Building an incredible product is definitely optimizing it for the people who use your product the most, but when it comes to driving growth, people who are already using your product are not the ones you have to worry about.
- So for operating for growth, what you really need to think about, is what is the North star of your company: What is that one metric, where if everyone in your company is thinking about it and driving their product towards that metric and their actions towards moving that metric up.
- Just have a North Star, and know the magic moment that you know when a user experiences that, they will deliver on that metric for you on the North Star, and then think about the marginal user, don’t think about yourself. Those are, I think, the most important points when operating for growth.
- Internationalization and focusing on the right languages drove Facebook's growth but the problem was they did it too late. 
-  The two things we did, I think that really drove growth initially was, 1) We focused on that 10 friends in 14 days 2) Getting users to the magic moment. The second thing was internationalization - knocking down another barrier.
- Tactics: Virality, SEO, ESPN, SEM, Affiliates/referral programs.
- Virality:  First, is payload - so how many people can you hit with any given viral blast. Second, is conversion rate, and third is frequency. This gives you a fundamental idea of how viral a product is. Hotmail ended up being extremely viral because it had high frequency and high conversion rates. The conversion rate was also really high because people didn’t like being tied to their ISP email.
- Paypal is interesting because there are two sides to it, the buyer and the seller side. Paypal did this thing where they gave away money when you got your friends to sign up, and that’s how they went viral on the consumer side.
- Are frequency and conversation rate related? Yes, absolutely. The more you hit someone with the same message, the less they convert’ is fundamental across every online marketing channel.
- Does a point of conversion matter as well? On Hotmail you click to sign up, but on a billboard you have to remember the URL, go to the website, type it in, find the registration button, click register and sign up. Anything you can do to move friction out of the flow, do it. Going from a billboard ad to an online ad removes huge amounts of friction from the flow.
- You get someone to import contacts, how many of those people do you get to import, how many people, then how many click and then how many sign up and then how many of those import. Only calculate the K factor only after you have retained a good no. of people. K-factor should be greater than 1.
- SEO (Search Engine optimisation): First one is keyword research. Research consists of, what do people search for that’s related to your site, how many people search for it, how many other people are ranking for it, and how valuable is it for you? Supply, demand, and value.
- Google Ads is a good tool. But the single most important thing is to get valuable links from high authority websites for you to rank in Google.
- So number one thing to think about regarding email, SMS, and Push Notifications is, you have to get them delivered. Beyond that, it’s a question of open rate, click rate.I’d say make sure you have deliverability. Focus on notifications and triggered based emails, SMS, and Push Notifications.
- A good plan, violently executed today, is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.

